docs/mdsource/ActionList.source.md, before:

# Actions

Most of the repository actions are part of the core of RepoM and some are part of external plugins. All these repository actions have the same base:

include: DocsRepositoryActionsTests.RepositoryActionBaseDocumentationGeneration_RepositoryAction.verified.md

The following actions are part of the core of RepoM and can always be used in your RepositoryActions.

## just-text@1

include: DocsRepositoryActionsTests.DocsRepositoryActionsSettings_RepositoryActionJustTextV1.verified.md

Example:

snippet: RepositoryActionsJustText01

## associate-file@1

include: DocsRepositoryActionsTests.DocsRepositoryActionsSettings_RepositoryActionAssociateFileV1.verified.md

Example:

snippet: RepositoryActionsAssociateFile01

## browse-repository@1

include: DocsRepositoryActionsTests.DocsRepositoryActionsSettings_RepositoryActionBrowseRepositoryV1.verified.md

Example:

snippet: RepositoryActionsBrowseRepository01

## browser@1

include: DocsRepositoryActionsTests.DocsRepositoryActionsSettings_RepositoryActionBrowserV1.verified.md

Example:

snippet: RepositoryActionsBrowser01

## command@1

include: DocsRepositoryActionsTests.DocsRepositoryActionsSettings_RepositoryActionCommandV1.verified.md

Example:

snippet: RepositoryActionsCommand01

## executable@1

include: DocsRepositoryActionsTests.DocsRepositoryActionsSettings_RepositoryActionExecutableV1.verified.md

When you want to specify exacly one executable, you can replace the required property `Executables` with the following property:

- `executable`: Absolute path of the exeuctable to execute (required, string, evaluted)

Example:

snippet: RepositoryActionsExecutable01

## folder@1

include: DocsRepositoryActionsTests.DocsRepositoryActionsSettings_RepositoryActionFolderV1.verified.md

Example:

snippet: RepositoryActionsFolder01

## foreach@1

include: DocsRepositoryActionsTests.DocsRepositoryActionsSettings_RepositoryActionForeachV1.verified.md

Example:

snippet: RepositoryActionsForeach01

## git-checkout@1

include: DocsRepositoryActionsTests.DocsRepositoryActionsSettings_RepositoryActionGitCheckoutV1.verified.md

Example:

snippet: RepositoryActionsGitCheckout01

## git-fetch@1

include: DocsRepositoryActionsTests.DocsRepositoryActionsSettings_RepositoryActionGitFetchV1.verified.md

Example:

snippet: RepositoryActionsGitFetch01

## git-pull@1

include: DocsRepositoryActionsTests.DocsRepositoryActionsSettings_RepositoryActionGitPullV1.verified.md

Example:

snippet: RepositoryActionsGitPull01

## git-push@1

include: DocsRepositoryActionsTests.DocsRepositoryActionsSettings_RepositoryActionGitPushV1.verified.md

Example:

snippet: RepositoryActionsGitPush01

## ignore-repository@1

include: DocsRepositoryActionsTests.DocsRepositoryActionsSettings_RepositoryActionIgnoreRepositoryV1.verified.md

Example:

snippet: RepositoryActionsIgnoreRepository01

## pin-repository@1

include: DocsRepositoryActionsTests.DocsRepositoryActionsSettings_RepositoryActionPinRepositoryV1.verified.md

Example:

snippet: RepositoryActionsPinRepository01

## separator@1

include: DocsRepositoryActionsTests.DocsRepositoryActionsSettings_RepositoryActionSeparatorV1.verified.md

Example:

snippet: RepositoryActionsSeparator01

# Plugin actions

These actions are available though the use of plugins.

include: _plugins.clipboard.action

See the [Clipboard](RepoM.Plugin.Clipboard.md) plugin for more information.

include: _plugins.sonarcloud.action

See the [SonarCloud](RepoM.Plugin.SonarCloud.md) plugin for more information.

include: _plugins.azuredevops.action

See the [AzureDevOps](RepoM.Plugin.AzureDevOps.md) plugin for more information.

include: _plugins.heidi.action

See the [Heidi](RepoM.Plugin.Heidi.md) plugin for more information.

# Repository Actions

These actions are part of the Repository Actions config file described in [Repository Actions](RepositoryActions.md).

Commit message:

WebBrowser module (#76)
Co-authored-by: GitHub Action <action@github.com>

docs/mdsource/ActionList.source.md, after:

# Actions

Most of the repository actions are part of the core of RepoM and some are part of external plugins. All these repository actions have the same base:

include: DocsRepositoryActionsTests.RepositoryActionBaseDocumentationGeneration_RepositoryAction.verified.md

The following actions are part of the core of RepoM and can always be used in your RepositoryActions.

## just-text@1

include: DocsRepositoryActionsTests.DocsRepositoryActionsSettings_RepositoryActionJustTextV1.verified.md

Example:

snippet: RepositoryActionsJustText01

## associate-file@1

include: DocsRepositoryActionsTests.DocsRepositoryActionsSettings_RepositoryActionAssociateFileV1.verified.md

Example:

snippet: RepositoryActionsAssociateFile01

## browse-repository@1

include: DocsRepositoryActionsTests.DocsRepositoryActionsSettings_RepositoryActionBrowseRepositoryV1.verified.md

Example:

snippet: RepositoryActionsBrowseRepository01

## command@1

include: DocsRepositoryActionsTests.DocsRepositoryActionsSettings_RepositoryActionCommandV1.verified.md

Example:

snippet: RepositoryActionsCommand01

## executable@1

include: DocsRepositoryActionsTests.DocsRepositoryActionsSettings_RepositoryActionExecutableV1.verified.md

When you want to specify exacly one executable, you can replace the required property `Executables` with the following property:

- `executable`: Absolute path of the exeuctable to execute (required, string, evaluted)

Example:

snippet: RepositoryActionsExecutable01

## folder@1

include: DocsRepositoryActionsTests.DocsRepositoryActionsSettings_RepositoryActionFolderV1.verified.md

Example:

snippet: RepositoryActionsFolder01

## foreach@1

include: DocsRepositoryActionsTests.DocsRepositoryActionsSettings_RepositoryActionForeachV1.verified.md

Example:

snippet: RepositoryActionsForeach01

## git-checkout@1

include: DocsRepositoryActionsTests.DocsRepositoryActionsSettings_RepositoryActionGitCheckoutV1.verified.md

Example:

snippet: RepositoryActionsGitCheckout01

## git-fetch@1

include: DocsRepositoryActionsTests.DocsRepositoryActionsSettings_RepositoryActionGitFetchV1.verified.md

Example:

snippet: RepositoryActionsGitFetch01

## git-pull@1

include: DocsRepositoryActionsTests.DocsRepositoryActionsSettings_RepositoryActionGitPullV1.verified.md

Example:

snippet: RepositoryActionsGitPull01

## git-push@1

include: DocsRepositoryActionsTests.DocsRepositoryActionsSettings_RepositoryActionGitPushV1.verified.md

Example:

snippet: RepositoryActionsGitPush01

## ignore-repository@1

include: DocsRepositoryActionsTests.DocsRepositoryActionsSettings_RepositoryActionIgnoreRepositoryV1.verified.md

Example:

snippet: RepositoryActionsIgnoreRepository01

## pin-repository@1

include: DocsRepositoryActionsTests.DocsRepositoryActionsSettings_RepositoryActionPinRepositoryV1.verified.md

Example:

snippet: RepositoryActionsPinRepository01

## separator@1

include: DocsRepositoryActionsTests.DocsRepositoryActionsSettings_RepositoryActionSeparatorV1.verified.md

Example:

snippet: RepositoryActionsSeparator01

# Plugin actions

These actions are available though the use of plugins.

include: _plugins.clipboard.action

See the [Clipboard](RepoM.Plugin.Clipboard.md) plugin for more information.

include: _plugins.sonarcloud.action

See the [SonarCloud](RepoM.Plugin.SonarCloud.md) plugin for more information.

include: _plugins.azuredevops.action

See the [AzureDevOps](RepoM.Plugin.AzureDevOps.md) plugin for more information.

include: _plugins.heidi.action

See the [Heidi](RepoM.Plugin.Heidi.md) plugin for more information.

include _plugins.webbrowser.action

See the [WebBrowser](RepoM.Plugin.WebBrowser.md) plugin for more information.

# Repository Actions

These actions are part of the Repository Actions config file described in [Repository Actions](RepositoryActions.md).
