docs/RepoM.Plugin.AzureDevOps.md, before:

# AzureDevOps

*todo*

## azure-devops-create-prs@1 <!-- include: _plugins.azuredevops.action. path: /docs/mdsource/_plugins.azuredevops.action.include.md -->

This action results in zero or one item in the contextmenu. This action makes it possible to create a pullrequest for the given repository, it will show an action to go to the specific PullRequest in your favorite webbrowser.
The AzureDevOps plugin is required.

Example:

<!-- snippet: RepositoryActionsAzureDevopsCreatePrs01 -->
<a id='snippet-repositoryactionsazuredevopscreateprs01'></a>
```yaml
repository-actions:
  actions:
  # Create PR
  - type: azure-devops-create-prs@1
    projectId: ''
    toBranch: develop
    reviewerIds: [
        "GUID"
    ]

  # Create PR with auto-complete enabled
  - type: azure-devops-create-prs@1
    projectId: ''
    toBranch: develop
    reviewerIds: [
        "GUID"
    ]
    autoComplete: {
        enabled: true,
        mergeStrategy: "Squash"
    }

  # Create PR with all settings
  - type: azure-devops-create-prs@1
    projectId: ''
    title: 'Create PR'
    # When no prTitle provided it will be generated based on convention.
    # Title will be the last part of the branchname split on '/'. 
    # For example: feature/testBranch will result in a PR title of 'testBranch'.
    prTitle: 'PR title' 
    toBranch: develop
    reviewerIds: [
        "GUID"
    ]
    draftPr: true
    includeWorkItems: true
    openInBrowser: false
    autoComplete: {
        enabled: true,
        mergeStrategy: "NoFastForward", # You can choose from: "NoFastForward", "Squash", "Rebase" and "RebaseMerge"
        deleteSourceBranch: true,
        transitionWorkItems: true
    }
```
<sup><a href='/tests/RepoM.Plugin.AzureDevOps.Tests/DocumentationFiles/AzureDevopsCreatePrs.testfile.yaml#L3-L49' title='Snippet source file'>snippet source</a> | <a href='#snippet-repositoryactionsazuredevopscreateprs01' title='Start of snippet'>anchor</a></sup>
<!-- endSnippet -->

## azure-devops-get-prs@1

This action results in zero or more items in the contextmenu. For each open pullrequest for the given repository, it will show an action to go to the specific PullRequest in your favorite webbrowser.
The AzureDevOps plugin is required.

Custom properties:

- ShowWhenEmpty: Show a menu item when no pull request found (optional, boolean/string, evaluated, default true)
- RepositoryId: The DevOps git repository id (optional, string, evaluated, default empty)
- ProjectId: The DevOps Project id (required, string, evaluated)

Example:

<!-- snippet: RepositoryActionsAzureDevopsGetPrs01 -->
<a id='snippet-repositoryactionsazuredevopsgetprs01'></a>
```yaml
repository-actions:
  actions:
  - type: azure-devops-get-prs@1
    active: true
    variables: []
    show-when-empty: true
    repository-id: ''
    project-id: ''

  - type: azure-devops-get-prs@1
    repository-id: ''
```
<sup><a href='/tests/RepoM.Plugin.AzureDevOps.Tests/DocumentationFiles/AzureDevopsGetPrs.testfile.yaml#L3-L17' title='Snippet source file'>snippet source</a> | <a href='#snippet-repositoryactionsazuredevopsgetprs01' title='Start of snippet'>anchor</a></sup>
<!-- endSnippet -->
<!-- endInclude -->

Commit message:

Maintenance (#60)
* styling

* Update packages

* packages

* Remove redundant qualifiers

* Pre-compiled regex?!?!

* update packages

* update docs to yaml style

* Docs changes

* Move statistics source to source directory.

* Update

* Docs changes

* fix build

* update docs

* Docs changes

* update packages

* update

* Update package

* Generated regex

* Update

* Update packages

* Update

---------

Co-authored-by: GitHub Action <action@github.com>

docs/RepoM.Plugin.AzureDevOps.md, after:

# AzureDevOps

The AzureDevops module enables integration with one azure devops environment. The integration currently focusses on Pull Requests.

To enable the AzureDevops module, manually update the `appsettings.json` file and provide for the `AzureDevOps`section both a `PersonalAccessToken` and `BaseUrl`. The `BaseUrl` must end with the organisation and a slash (ie, `https://dev.azure.com/organisation/`).

## azure-devops-create-prs@1 <!-- include: _plugins.azuredevops.action. path: /docs/mdsource/_plugins.azuredevops.action.include.md -->

This action results in zero or one item in the contextmenu. This action makes it possible to create a pullrequest for the given repository, it will show an action to go to the specific PullRequest in your favorite webbrowser.
The AzureDevOps plugin is required.

Example:

<!-- snippet: RepositoryActionsAzureDevopsCreatePrs01 -->
<a id='snippet-repositoryactionsazuredevopscreateprs01'></a>
```yaml
repository-actions:
  actions:
  # Create PR
  - type: azure-devops-create-prs@1
    projectId: ''
    toBranch: develop
    reviewerIds: 
    - "GUID"

  # Create PR with auto-complete enabled
  - type: azure-devops-create-prs@1
    projectId: ''
    toBranch: develop
    reviewerIds:
    - "GUID"
    autoComplete:
      enabled: true
      mergeStrategy: "Squash"

  # Create PR with all settings
  - type: azure-devops-create-prs@1
    projectId: ''
    title: 'Create PR'
    # When no prTitle provided it will be generated based on convention.
    # Title will be the last part of the branchname split on '/'. 
    # For example: feature/testBranch will result in a PR title of 'testBranch'.
    prTitle: 'PR title' 
    toBranch: develop
    reviewerIds:
    - "GUID"
    draftPr: true
    includeWorkItems: true
    openInBrowser: false
    autoComplete:
      enabled: true
      mergeStrategy: "NoFastForward" # You can choose from: "NoFastForward", "Squash", "Rebase" and "RebaseMerge"
      deleteSourceBranch: true
      transitionWorkItems: true
```
<sup><a href='/tests/RepoM.Plugin.AzureDevOps.Tests/DocumentationFiles/AzureDevopsCreatePrs.testfile.yaml#L3-L44' title='Snippet source file'>snippet source</a> | <a href='#snippet-repositoryactionsazuredevopscreateprs01' title='Start of snippet'>anchor</a></sup>
<!-- endSnippet -->

## azure-devops-get-prs@1

This action results in zero or more items in the contextmenu. For each open pullrequest for the given repository, it will show an action to go to the specific PullRequest in your favorite webbrowser.
The AzureDevOps plugin is required.

Custom properties:

- ShowWhenEmpty: Show a menu item when no pull request found (optional, boolean/string, evaluated, default true)
- RepositoryId: The DevOps git repository id (optional, string, evaluated, default empty)
- ProjectId: The DevOps Project id (required, string, evaluated)

Example:

<!-- snippet: RepositoryActionsAzureDevopsGetPrs01 -->
<a id='snippet-repositoryactionsazuredevopsgetprs01'></a>
```yaml
repository-actions:
  actions:
  - type: azure-devops-get-prs@1
    active: true
    variables: []
    show-when-empty: true
    repository-id: ''
    project-id: ''

  - type: azure-devops-get-prs@1
    repository-id: ''
```
<sup><a href='/tests/RepoM.Plugin.AzureDevOps.Tests/DocumentationFiles/AzureDevopsGetPrs.testfile.yaml#L3-L17' title='Snippet source file'>snippet source</a> | <a href='#snippet-repositoryactionsazuredevopsgetprs01' title='Start of snippet'>anchor</a></sup>
<!-- endSnippet -->
<!-- endInclude -->
